To determine which product should be featured, we can use the user data to see which product has the highest number of views and purchases by using a bar chart to compare the three products. We can take the mean values of the number of views and number of times purchased for each product and determine which of the three products is the most popular. We could also use the conversion data to determine if that is an effective way of getting users to purchase a specific product. We could then feature the most popular product on the front page. If we wanted to feature a less popular product in order to increase the sales, we could determine the factors that led to the hgiher number of purchases(advertisement methods, price, number of views) and apply it to the product that is lower in purchase sales.

Using the information given to us, we could first analyze the decline in sign ups by the comparing the data from the past three years. Then we could check which steps were the ones completed on average. We could try to determine what cause a person to not complete the sign up. Email and password should not be a problem. For the plan choice step, it could have been that they had questions about the plan, so the website could offer help via webchat. Same thing could be offered for the credit card sign up sheet. A survey could also be offered after users sign up asking about how user friendly the procces was and what they did not like about the proccess.

I would propose a ranking system by rating. If we do not want to havea filter option and strictly use a ranking system for the 100 hotels, then we could rank them by user reviews. The reviews could be based on quality of the room, bed size, smoking/nonsmoking and amenities. We would not automatically not include hotels that are not available. We could use a 5 star rating system and can rank them in descending order. We could also still alow the price ranking sytem, or combine it with the rating sytem in order to make sure the user can get the best deal possible.

We could first analyze the user data from those three years by using a scatter plot. If the data represents a trend in the decline of user usage. If the scatter plot does not correcty displaya decline in usage, then we could try to see of their is something wrong with the website in collecting data to see if that is causing the error in usage.
